Djuan Holsey: Yes, yes, yes.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah, just started and just going through with john right now.
Djuan Holsey: It was a two days ago.
Djuan Holsey: Yes I been taken them every since 2015 and I just decided to stop taking them. Yeah, I don't want to take them anymore. So I haven't stopped since the last since two days ago.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Djuan Holsey: Yes, yes, yes.
Djuan Holsey: Well, Ronnie.
Djuan Holsey: Depression.
Djuan Holsey: Know like no energy like
Djuan Holsey: Nothing. Just overwhelmingly just depressed ball. Kind of, yeah, kind of thing. So going through right now and they would asleep.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah, anger,
Djuan Holsey: Yeah, sweats.
Djuan Holsey: Different than
Djuan Holsey: 2015 is when I started taking over from from like a prescribed 2015 and I've been taking a memory, since you
Natalie Austin: Have an accident or a surgery.
Djuan Holsey: Yes, I had a surgery and my right leg. Yes.
Djuan Holsey: Yes, I had a surgery for a blood clots and labor movement.
Natalie Austin: You
Djuan Holsey: Know it's just was DB T thrombosis and my
Djuan Holsey: And my arteries and they just removed.
Djuan Holsey: No, they're just in my legs and
Natalie Austin: What they said, I come from.
Djuan Holsey: You know what, I get that question a lot. They didn't tell me they didn't tell me they just do x ray. So maybe ultrasound and saying, I needed surgery. Surgery removed them.
Natalie Austin: How many surgeries, did you have on your leg.
Just one.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah yeah
Djuan Holsey: No, no, I was on air for six months.
Djuan Holsey: Terminal
Djuan Holsey: No, no.
Djuan Holsey: No, yeah, just getting the same prescription for years.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah, and my was taking um
Djuan Holsey: Was taken, kind of like over I was prescribed just to be honest with you, and I took like like 15 to 20 a day.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah okay from 2000
Djuan Holsey: Yeah yeah from 2015 to two. Two days ago.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah, exactly.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Djuan Holsey: Yes.
Djuan Holsey: Taking a turn it off for so long. I do.
Djuan Holsey: Things like that. I don't know where, if that's where it's from, but yeah.
Djuan Holsey: Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
Djuan Holsey: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Are in your brain that the opioids usually sent in to make you feel good.
Natalie Austin: In this meal receptor.
Natalie Austin: You don't get high.
Djuan Holsey: Oh, wow. Wonderful.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah, that's what I was trying to get here tonight because I know I wasn't even able to sleep last night.
Djuan Holsey: To go to get help today.
Djuan Holsey: No.
No.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Djuan Holsey: Oh,
Natalie Austin: That's okay. You don't need to know
Natalie Austin: Family history.
Djuan Holsey: Going through cancer and alone right now.
Djuan Holsey: My dad, I don't
Djuan Holsey: Know,
Natalie Austin: How old your mom right now.
Djuan Holsey: She is 62
Natalie Austin: brothers or sisters
Djuan Holsey: Or brothers is test in July of last year.
Djuan Holsey: He was
Djuan Holsey: 30 says
Djuan Holsey: Would you say
Djuan Holsey: He was in a car accident and
Djuan Holsey: He was in a car accident.
Natalie Austin: Sisters.
Natalie Austin: Nieces
Natalie Austin: Or nephews.
Djuan Holsey: No, no, just my wife and
Djuan Holsey: My children.
Djuan Holsey: Yes, yes I stay with my wife and my children. Yes.
Natalie Austin: How long have you been married
Djuan Holsey: Matthew, we just got married, but we can get together for almost 20 years
Djuan Holsey: We got married in February February.
Djuan Holsey: 1614 and 2016
Djuan Holsey: Yes.
Djuan Holsey: Oh way they're kind of getting bored school. They just did something on zone for them. They log on to
Djuan Holsey: have meetings with their teachers, students are starting that
Djuan Holsey: Other net they've been boy playing fortnight all day.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: girls or boys.
Djuan Holsey: Two Boys and one girl.
Natalie Austin: girl, boy, girl.
Djuan Holsey: My son. Oh.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Djuan Holsey: Oh, yeah.
Djuan Holsey: Going online.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use
Djuan Holsey: NO ALCOHOL, NO, NOT recently tobacco. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Marijuana user
Djuan Holsey: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Medical marijuana card.
Djuan Holsey: No, but actually only
Natalie Austin: Probably had
Djuan Holsey: Well, when I went to the pain clinic that was in 2015 after the surgery. Yeah, so I haven't been saying that since after the surgery and I was on important it
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah, so
Natalie Austin: So here's the money prescriptions for Tramadol for five years.
Djuan Holsey: My primary care doctor who used to see, I'm actually going to somewhere else. Different now because I don't want to manage and she keep trying to give me those and I don't want. Right. I don't know what they got going on.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Djuan Holsey: Exactly, exactly like I don't even want to know. I want to change my doctor
Djuan Holsey: I don't know if you do primary care law. So, but
Natalie Austin: No, I wish. I'm sorry.
Djuan Holsey: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Just call your insurance company, they can give you a list of a whole bunch of people like within your zip code.
Djuan Holsey: Right. Okay. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Can help you out.
Djuan Holsey: Okay sure will.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: So social history on medications. Do you have any medications.
Djuan Holsey: Yes, I'd take blood pressure.
Djuan Holsey: Blood pressure
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: After blood pressure, heart rate.
Djuan Holsey: Blood pressure
Natalie Austin: Your blood pressure under good control.
Djuan Holsey: Yes, I had the monitoring every day, my wife.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Djuan Holsey: Good.
Natalie Austin: Any other medicines, besides those to
Know,
Natalie Austin: Problem at all. Okay.
Natalie Austin: What's the data center probably
20 4040
Djuan Holsey: To
Natalie Austin: 50 or 100
Djuan Holsey: So it's good, it's good. You
Djuan Holsey: Know,
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: 66 three. What's your weight.
Natalie Austin: 373 75
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: So wait for 75 at AMP T cardiac Boston tag lungs only reparations hasn't undescended extremities. Give me swelling in your legs right now.
Djuan Holsey: No, no.
Natalie Austin: No demon
Natalie Austin: Okay. Sigler Dorian.
Natalie Austin: Neuro Grounders teeth or 12 intact.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: To tell you the first muscle skeletal. Do you have movement of all your extremities any problems walking or anything.
Djuan Holsey: No.
Natalie Austin: With your deep after DB t
Know,
Natalie Austin: Maybe Australia opportunities. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm your review of systems. Yeah, you have nausea and vomiting.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, don't get diarrhea to
Djuan Holsey: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, anxiety, do a little bit
Djuan Holsey: Early so
Djuan Holsey: Like overwhelmingly like that's one of the main, you know, because I don't want to bring know aggression. So my wife or right
Djuan Holsey: Oh, and stuff like that. So that's the main thing. So as you can see this what I do. I just share my role.
Djuan Holsey: Is interacting with anyone. I don't want
Djuan Holsey: Right.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Are you able to go out and get a prescription tonight if I send it out to whoa whoa okay
Natalie Austin: Let me see. I want to put something in right now.
Natalie Austin: Okay hold on one second.
Djuan Holsey: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. How do you spell your last name.
Djuan Holsey: Chill se y
Natalie Austin: Ah,
Djuan Holsey: Oh no, he was yes.
Natalie Austin: How's he
Natalie Austin: Doing Guan
Yes.
Natalie Austin: January 10 9494. Okay. Good job.
Natalie Austin: Allergies in here allergy.
Natalie Austin: Tablets are films.
Natalie Austin: Are the film is like a
Natalie Austin: It's flat.
Natalie Austin: It was the tablets. I don't know which one you want.
Djuan Holsey: The film.
Djuan Holsey: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: It just melts on your tongue.
Djuan Holsey: Kind of my work.
Natalie Austin: Do you want something twice a day, or once a day.
Natalie Austin: Twice. Okay.
Natalie Austin: If it's too much, you know, we can we can go down from there.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yes it twice a day standard
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Five people on you know sometimes
Natalie Austin: Once a day one, a half a day. So we'll see how you do. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Today is Friday so Saturday.
Natalie Austin: I'll give you enough till next Thursday next Thursday. Okay.
Djuan Holsey: outages. Good. Some or something. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Discount Drug Mart. Is that correct,
Djuan Holsey: I'm getting close at eight o'clock, so I want to see, is there a way can send it to you can send it there. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm sending it right now. So
Natalie Austin: Okay ready
Okay.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah yeah yeah that's
Natalie Austin: Right. The second
Open
Natalie Austin: It should be getting it to make it felt before you get there.
Natalie Austin: Since we're done, you can run over there.
7332533
Natalie Austin: Okay, just send it over.
Djuan Holsey: Okay, I want to run up there now. Because I think a closing
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay assessment opioid use disorder tobacco use hypertension past history of DDT next line plan he will do a weekly group meetings for medical management Monthly. Monthly drug screens.
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed.
Natalie Austin: Cosine Dr. Jamison will check oars monthly
Djuan Holsey: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm just dictating everything
Natalie Austin: Let's see here.
Natalie Austin: On add your medicines in here.
Natalie Austin: 20 or 40 4040
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any other questions for me. No.
No.
Natalie Austin: I finished working on your charge
Natalie Austin: You want to go run and get your prescription
Yeah.
Djuan Holsey: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Djuan Holsey: All right, all right.
Natalie Austin: I'll see you next Thursday.
Natalie Austin: 12 o'clock PM.
Natalie Austin: During the day,
No.
Natalie Austin: Okey dokey was nice meeting you.
All right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Djuan Holsey: All right.